README.md, before:

# Pokemon Wallpapers

_A set of pokemon wallpapers for the Linux desktop made by Teej/TopHat._

### Features
* Full HD Wallpapers 1920 × 1080 pixels
* Almost 700 different wallpapers
* Uses /usr/share/backgrounds for multiple user access on the same computer.

![XFCE's Background Picker ](http://i.imgur.com/HmElSzT.png)

## How to Install

Follow the instructions on `Build from Source`

The installer creates a folder into /usr/share/backgrounds named pokemon.

### Third-party Distribution Packages
We hope we will have an AUR and/or a PPA soon :)
![](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/pokemon-wallpapers)

### Build from source
#### Acquire Pokemon Wallpapers' source code
Clone Pokemon Wallpapers' Git repository to local machine using

```shell
$ git clone https://github.com/giorgosioak/pokemon-wallpapers.git
```

#### Install Pokemon Wallpapers
```shell
# Generic method
$ sudo make install
```

## License
* Pokemon Wallpapers is distributed under the [GPL license](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html).
* Nearly all images distributed here-in are subject to the Copyright established [here](https://pldh.net/basics/credits#pldh_copyright).

## Notes & Credits
* Nearly all of the Pokemon backgrounds were created by Teej/TopHat. [[1]](https://pldh.net/gallery/the493) , [[2]](https://pldh.net/gallery/unovacollection)
* Thanks to [@AWildBeard](https://github.com/AWildBeard) for improving the installation script in Makefile.

Commit message:

added arch linux aur link

README.md, after:

# Pokemon Wallpapers

_A set of pokemon wallpapers for the Linux desktop made by Teej/TopHat._

### Features
* Full HD Wallpapers 1920 × 1080 pixels
* Almost 700 different wallpapers
* Uses /usr/share/backgrounds for multiple user access on the same computer.

![XFCE's Background Picker ](http://i.imgur.com/HmElSzT.png)

## How to Install

Follow the instructions on `Build from Source`

The installer creates a folder into /usr/share/backgrounds named pokemon.

### Third-party Distribution Packages

Note that we are not responsible for these packages

* [Arch Linux](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/pokemon-wallpapers/)

### Build from source
#### Acquire Pokemon Wallpapers' source code
Clone Pokemon Wallpapers' Git repository to local machine using

```shell
$ git clone https://github.com/giorgosioak/pokemon-wallpapers.git
```

#### Install Pokemon Wallpapers
```shell
# Generic method
$ sudo make install
```

## License
* Pokemon Wallpapers is distributed under the [GPL license](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html).
* Nearly all images distributed here-in are subject to the Copyright established [here](https://pldh.net/basics/credits#pldh_copyright).

## Notes & Credits
* Nearly all of the Pokemon backgrounds were created by Teej/TopHat. [[1]](https://pldh.net/gallery/the493) , [[2]](https://pldh.net/gallery/unovacollection)
* Thanks to [@AWildBeard](https://github.com/AWildBeard) for improving the installation script in Makefile.
